I came back this time for your marriage
Don't worry, I will marry Yingying.
This woman wants to quit her job
Just let him go
We at Shengfeng Group are never short of people.
He can't go yet.
I'll give you a few days off.
You go back first
Yanjing
This is the first time you have disobeyed my will
Why is that?
Su Ran offended the company's important customers
Causing huge losses to the company
In light of Su Ran's inability to repay his debts
He has to stay in the company and work to pay off his debts
Yan Ting, our company is not a charity organization
I'm afraid it's not appropriate for you to do so.
The neck is measured
Okay, I have a client to meet
Well, if you say so.
I believe in your decision.
Then I won't delay your work. Let's go.
aunt
Should we let that woman stay in Yanting?
How could it be possible to drive away Su Ran?
That woman doesn't have to let Yan Ting know
Su Ran
You bitch